here we are chasing a fish we got to
know a Scarface because of a big scar on
the back of her head I'm throwing the
big tooth tackle juice mini eight
bucktail Courtney's throne atop water
we're just burning over the slop trying
to get this fish to eat during the
afternoon major have a full moon in
August cool to make look worthy you have
to get the net in the water she's
just burning my thumb gonna have to get
the net all the way in the water make a
big sweeping motion Courtney when I get
it close but it'll be a while this
thing's a big fish she got off that was
a giant did you see it
holy can burn my thumb I never had
that that fish just kicked my ass all
the crap
I just took off on me and I couldn't
turn it don't cry no
she just came right up and eat just
right now right out of the weeds
I don't expect to catch that fish now
but there hopefully there's another one
in here okay as soon as we had that
close encounter of the giant fish
variety which I never did see they had
to know if it was Scarface but pretty
much had to be that size of fish
immediately switched Courtney over to a
juice mini 8 buck tail as well so we're
now both burning over the shallow slop
that wasn't Scarface that was an awful
pudgy cousin or sister brother now after
I said I think I'll cry now you'll see
me reaching to reset the camera what's
about to happen here is exactly 4
minutes and 35 seconds later watched in
the bottom-left and Courtney's bait
comes around at the boat gotta Courtney
keep low keep it on down keep doing it
keep doing still there holy cow that was
a big one too that's right holy
those heart
don't just came right up at the boat huh
golly that was a big fish too
maven is a one holy hell they're beatin
on us in here now despite those two big
muskies coming unpinned at the boat
Cortney managed to land her two biggest
fight to that date on juice many eighths
that day it was 35 and a half and 36
inches very nice fish and you will see a
nice fish from that day at a later video
Monday
catch a nice one and let it go let them
all go thank you jack